What's the binary bit pattern of TMIN?
What's the binary bit pattern of TMAX?
What's the binary bit pattern of UMIN?
What's the binary bit pattern of UMAX?
What's the value of TMIN?
What's the value of TMAX?
What's the value of UMIN?
What's the value of UMAX?
What's B2U (01 0110)?
What's B2U (100 0111)?
What's B2U (11 1000)?
What's B2T (00 0010)?
What's B2T (101 1010)?
What's B2T (1010 0101)?
Assuming the most significant digit is a 1, what is the difference between a signed and unsigned number with the same bit pattern? With word size being w
What is the result of ! ((x + 1) & x) if x = 5? Assuming all numbers are unsigned
What is the result of (x + 2) | x if x = 6? Assuming all numbers are unsigned
What is the result of (12 | 7) & 4? Assuming all numbers are unsigned
What is the result of ((15 ^ 8) | 4) & 13? Assuming all numbers are unsigned
Suppose x is a signed byte 1111 0100, what is the bit pattern of x >> 2?
Suppose x is an unsigned byte 1010 1000, what is the bit pattern of x >> 4?
Suppose x is a signed byte 0010 1111, what is the bit pattern of x << 3?
Suppose x is an unsigned byte 0000 1010, what is the bit pattern of x << 2?
How to correct an incorrect signed right shift?
What's every component of Moore's Law?
What is the time frame associated with Moore's Law?
What is the increased transister count associated with Moore's Law?
What would be the area of the future chips according to Moore's Law?
How do you calculate the size of next generation nodes?
How do you calculate the size of previous generation nodes?
Imagine that Apple made a 6nm process, assuming they want to keep track with Moore's Law, what would be the size of their next node, and the size of their previous node?
Imagine that Samsung made a 2nm process, assuming they want to keep track with Moore's Law, what would be the size of their next node, and the size of their previous node?
Imagine that Intel made a 10nm process (in 2025 lmao), assuming they want to keep track with Moore's Law, what would be the size of their next node, and the size of their previous node?
What does the MAR do?
What does the MBR do?
What does the AC do?
What does the IR do?
What does the PC (IAS) do?
What does the IBR do?
What is the true, and the expected result of 5 * -9, assuming 4 bit words?
What is the true, and the expected result of 8 * -13, assuming 5 bit words?
What is the true, and the expected result of 3 * 5, assuming 3 bit words?
Where is silicon extracted from?
What happens to silicon once it's extracted?
What goes after the silicon ingot step when creating a processor?
What goes after the silicon slicing step when creating a processor?
What does the slicing step create?
What is the process that imprints the patterns of the chips onto wafers?
What is the highest layer of a computer system?
What is the second highest layer of a computer system?
What is the third highest layer of a computer system?
What is the third lowest layer of a computer system?
What is the second lowest layer of a computer system?
What is the lowest layer of a computer system?
What is the earliest generation of computers?
What is the second earliest generation of computers?
What is the third earliest generation of computers?
What is the third latest generation of computers?
What is the second latest generation of computers?
What is the latest generation of computers? (Which overlaps with the gen before it)
What is the significance about Babbage?
What is the significance about von Neumann?
What is the significance about Moore?
What was the ENIAC?
Who contracted the builders of the ENIAC for its use?
What was the ENIAC used for?
How large was the ENIAC?
How many vaccum tubes did the ENIAC have?
How many additions ber second could the ENIAC do?
What was the IAS?
Who built the IAS?
What were the two main units of the IAS?
How many bits were needed to hold an instruction on the IAS?
How many instructions did the IAS have?
What is the x86 architecture?
What was significant about the A7?
How would you take bits 4 to 10 (inclusive) from int x and place them in the low bits of y in C?
How would you take bits 3 to 11 (inclusive) from int x and place them in the low bits of y in C?
How would you take bits 6 to 13 (inclusive) from int x and place them in the low bits of y in C?
How would you take bits 12 to 21 (inclusive) from int x and place them in the low bits of y in C?
How do you calculate the time of a program?
How to you calculate the power of a CPU?
What did the (IAS) LOAD instructions do?
What did the (IAS) STOR instructions do?
Which IAS instruction was used to go to a different part of the code?
Which IAS instruction was used to end the program?
What is Amdahl's Law?
What was so significant about the 8086?
What is response time?
What is throughput?
What is CPU time?
What is user time?
What is system time?
How do you calculate weighted CPI average?
What is 0x01234567 in Big-Endian?
What is 0x01234567 in Little-Endian?
How do you calculate yield?
What is the cost of a CPU die?
